Architecture of Kamnagi

1. What Kamnagi do
 I would like to consider a system as a Web system or running on the data of many sencors.
 Kamnagi is a simulater of the behavior of the systems.

  We can consider the system is composed from many sub-systems.
  I assume the sub-system's behavior and the structure of combining them is clear than the
  whole system. 

3. primaly data
 1) input data depend on time
   a) raw data as (name value)t
　 b) function for raw data (input t name) => value
   c) a big table of raw data as name x time x value

  A simulation depend on the primary data.
  if a simple simulation, it is concise way that b) with given a function.

  In a IT system, raw data represent as user accesses over intrnet, or as 
  sensor data the system received.

4. how to run a simulation(initial plan)

    (defkamnagi name)
    (defcompo  kamnagi name fun)
      a components has a function maps from input to output.
      input and output are come from channel or the whole system's in and out.

    (defchannel kamnagi name (in1 in2 ...) (out1 out2 ...))
      a channel is connect compos, n to m.
      in and out are defined before defchannel.
      the channel has no special behavior just connect compo, so
      in defining a system, a compo may be required for timing delay.

    (defkamnagi kamnaginame inputs outputs)
      inputs and outputs are just port for input and output streams.
      I intend to write a csv fioe from the input and output with time are sample data.
    
    special componenets
    *timer*  () => int the value is count up. controled by runkamnagi.
    *counter*  (n) => z  
 
    (runkamnagi kamnaginame maxtime)
     runkamnagi countup *timer* for time. and step the kamnagi definition.


example
    (defchannel x a x)
     xはcomponent
or

   (defkamnagi name
     :source ((s1 val)(s2 val) ...)
     :channel ((c1 s1 s2)(c2 s1 s3)...)
     :inputs (s1 ...) 
     :output (s2 ...)
    )
 
    kamnaginameのpropertyとして各定義が保存される。


5. how to work

  1) define components
  2) define the system on components
  3) prepare the raw data or function
  4) do simulation.
    (runkamnagi maxtime systemdef data/function)


